Improve the fault tolerance doc (#269)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/fault-tolerance.md

The process is as follows:

1. [Prepare a TiKV cluster for test](#prepare-a-tikv-cluster-for-test).
2. [Run a workload against TiKV](#run-a-workload-against-tikv).
3. [Experiment 1: Simulate a single-node failure](#experiment-1-simulate-a-single-node-failure).
4. [Experiment 2: Simulate two simultaneous node failures](#experiment-2-simulate-two-simultaneous-node-failures).
5. [Clean up the test cluster](#clean-up-the-test-cluster).

## Prepare a TiKV cluster for test

Before the process of failure simulation begins, the following requirements are already met:

+ [TiUP](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup) is installed (v1.5.2 or later) as described in [TiKV in 5 Minutes](../../tikv-in-5-minutes).
+ [client-py](https://github.com/tikv/client-py) is installed. It is used to interact with the TiKV cluster.

### Step 1. Start a six-node cluster

Use the `tiup playground` command to start a six-node local TiKV cluster:

> ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
```sh
```

```

{{< info >}}
Each Region has three replicas according to the default configuration.
{{< /info >}}

### Step 2. Import data to TiKV

> On another terminal session, use [go-ycsb](https://github.com/pingcap/go-ycsb) to launch a workload of writing data to the TiKV cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
Start a new terminal session, and use [go-ycsb](https://github.com/pingcap/go-ycsb) to launch a workload of writing data to the TiKV cluster.
```

```

{{< info >}}
Each Region has three replicas according to the default configuration.
{{< /info >}}

### Step 2. Import data to TiKV

On another terminal session, use [go-ycsb](https://github.com/pingcap/go-ycsb) to launch a workload of writing data to the TiKV cluster.

1. Clone `go-ycsb` from GitHub.

>     ```shell

Reviewer: We may use `sh` instead, `shell` will cancel the code highlight of some editors like vscode.

Author: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```

    git clone https://github.com/pingcap/go-ycsb.git
    ```

2. Build the application from the source.

>     ```shell

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```

    make
    ```

3. Load a workload using `go-ycsb` with **10000** keys into the TiKV cluster.

>     ```shell

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```

    make
    ```

3. Load a workload using `go-ycsb` with **10000** keys into the TiKV cluster.

    ```sh
    ./bin/go-ycsb load tikv -P workloads/workloada -p tikv.pd="127.0.0.1:2379" -p tikv.type="raw" -p recordcount=1000000
    ```

>     The command above will output the following result:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The expected output is as follows:
```

    ```
    Run finished, takes 11.722575701s
    INSERT - Takes(s): 11.7, Count: 10000, OPS: 855.2, Avg(us): 18690, Min(us): 11262, Max(us): 61304, 99th(us): 36000, 99.9th(us): 58000, 99.99th(us): 62000
    ```

### Step 3: Verify the data import

> Using the Python 3.5+ REPL environment, you can scan all the keys that just are inserted by `go-ycsb` and verify that the key count matches the `recordcount` in the `go-ycsb` command in the previous step.

Author: ```suggestion
In this demonstration, the Python 3.5+ REPL environment is used to scan all the keys that just are inserted by `go-ycsb`, and to verify that the key count matches the `recordcount` in the `go-ycsb` command in the previous step.
```

> In this demonstration, the Python 3.5+ REPL environment is used to scan all the keys that just are inserted by `go-ycsb`, and to verify that the key count matches the `recordcount` in the `go-ycsb` command in the previous step.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the client-py tool to verify the data imported in the last step. Note that the Python 3.5+ REPL environment is required for such verification. It is expected that the key count matches the `recordcount` in the `go-ycsb` command in the previous step.
```

10000
```

The evaluation of the last expression should be **10000**, as the `recordcount` has specified in the `go-ycsb` command.

## Run a workload against TiKV

### Step 1. Run a sample workload

Enter the source directory of `go-ycsb` and use the following command to run the `workloada` from the YCSB benchmark.

> `workloada` simulates multiple client connections and performs a mix of reads (50%) and writes per connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`workloada` simulates multiple client connections and performs a mix of reads (50%) and writes (50%) per connection.
```

> ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
```sh
```

    {{< figure
        src="/img/docs/check-ops.png"
        width="80"
        number="1" >}}

4. By default, TiKV replicates all data three times and balances the load across all stores. To see this balancing process, enter the page **playground-overview** and check the Region count across all nodes. In this example, a small amount of data is loaded. Thus only one Region is shown:

    {{< figure
        src="/img/docs/fault-tolerance-region-count.png"
        width="80"
        number="1" >}}

## Experiment 1: Simulate a single-node failure

### Step 1: Stop the target process

In TiKV, all read/write operations are handled by the leader of the Region group. See [architecture](https://tikv.org/docs/5.1/reference/architecture/overview/#system-architecture) for details.

In this example, the only one leader in the cluster is stopped. Then the load continuity and cluster health are checked.

1. Enter the Grafana dashboard **playground-overview**. The leader distribution is shown in the panel **leader** in row **TiKV**.

2. In this example, the local process that opens the port `20180` holds only one leader in the cluster. Execute the following command to stop this process.

>     ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```

    kill -STOP $(lsof -i:20180 | grep tikv | head -n1 | awk '{print $2}')
    ```

> ## Step 2. Check the load continuity and cluster health on Grafana dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2. Check the load continuity and cluster health on Grafana dashboard
```

    {{< figure
        src="/img/docs/fault-tolerance-leader-recover.png"
        width="80"
        number="1" >}}

2. Check the gRPC OPS. The monitoring metric shows that there is a short duration in which the TiKV instance is unavailable because the leader is down. However, the workload is back online as soon as the leader [election](https://raft.github.io/raft.pdf) is completed.

    {{< figure
        src="/img/docs/fault-tolerance-ops.png"
        width="80"
        number="1" >}}

## Experiment 2: Simulate two simultaneous node failures

### Step 1: Stop the target processes

In the above single-node failure simulation, the TiKV cluster has recovered. The leader of the cluster has been stopped, so there are five stores alive. Then, a new leader is elected after a while.

Experiment 2 will increase the Region replicas of TiKV to five, stop two non-leader nodes simultaneously, and check the cluster status.

{{< info >}}
The component version should be explicitly specified in the `tiup ctl` command. In the following example, the component version is v5.1.0.
{{< /info >}}

1. Increase the replicas of the cluster to five:

>     ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```

    tiup ctl:v5.1.0 pd config set max-replicas 5
    ```

2. Stop two non-leader nodes simultaneously. In this example, the processes that hold the ports `20181` and `20182` are stopped. The process IDs (PIDs) are `1009934` and `109941`.

>    ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
   ```sh
```

   kill -STOP 1009934
   kill -STOP 1009941
   ```

> ## Step 2: Check the load continuity and cluster health on Grafana dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Check the load continuity and cluster health on Grafana dashboard
```

    >>> len(client.scan_keys(None, None, 10240))
    10001
    ```

## Clean up the test cluster

After experiment 2 is finished, you might need to clean up the test cluster. To do that, take the following steps:

> 1. Go back to the terminal session that you have just started the TiKV cluster and press <kbd>ctrl</kbd>> + <kbd>c</kbd> and wait for the cluster to stop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go back to the terminal session that you have just started the TiKV cluster and press <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>c</kbd> and wait for the cluster to stop.
```

    >>> len(client.scan_keys(None, None, 10240))
    10001
    ```

## Clean up the test cluster

After experiment 2 is finished, you might need to clean up the test cluster. To do that, take the following steps:

1. Go back to the terminal session that you have just started the TiKV cluster and press <kbd>ctrl</kbd>> + <kbd>c</kbd> and wait for the cluster to stop.
2. After the cluster is stopped, destroy the cluster using the following command:

>     ```shell

Author: ```suggestion
    ```sh
```
